Cygwin

Cygwin User's Guide

	The Cygwin User's Guide is now available in several formats:

	Several HTML files, with Table of Contents
	One large compressed HTML file
	One PDF file

	Alternatively, you may jump to a section that interests you:

	Quick Start Guide for those more experienced with Windows
	Quick Start Guide for those more experienced with UNIX
	Help with setting up Cygwin with setup.exe


Quick Start Guide for those more experienced with Windows.

	If you are new to the world of UNIX, you may find it difficult to understand at first.
	This guide is not meant to be comprehensive, so we recommend that you use the many available
	Internet resources to become acquainted with UNIX basics(search for "UNIX basics" or "UNIX tutorial").

	To install a basic Cygwin enviroment, run the setup.exe program and click Next at 
	each page. The default setting are correct for most users. If you want to know more about
	what each option means, see the section called "Internet Setup". Use setup.exe any time 
	you want to update or install a Cygwin package. If you are installing Cygwin for a specific
	purpose, use it to install the tools that you need. For example, if you want to compile
	C++ programs, you need the gcc-g++ package and probably a text editor like nano.
	When running setup.exe, clicking on categories and packages in the installation screen will
	provide you with the ability to control what is installed or updated.

	After installation, you can find Cygwin-specific documentation in the /usr/share/doc/Cygwin/ directory.

	Developers coming from a Windows background will be able to write console or GUI executables
	that rely on the Microsoft Win32 API instead of Cygwin using the mingw32 or mingw64 
	cross-compiler toolchains. The --shared option to GCC allows to write Windows Dynamically Linked
	Librarise(DLLs). The resource compiler windres is also provided.

Quick Start Guide for those more experienced with UNIX

	If you are an experienced UNIX user who misses a powerful command-line enviroment, 
	you will enjoy Cygwin. Developers coming from a UINX background will find a set of utilities they are
	already comfortable using, including a working UNIX shell. The compiler tools are the standard GNU 
	compilers most people will have previously used under UNIX, only ported




○Uninstall
	1. 	If you have any Cygwin services running, remove by repeating the instractions in 
		$(faq.html#faq.setup.uninstall-service) for all services that you installed.
		Common services that might have been installed are, sshd, cron, cygserver, inted, 
		apache, postgresql, and so on.

	2.	Stop the X11 server if it is running, and terminate any Cygwin programs that might be running in
		the background. Exit the command prompt and ensure that on Cygwin process remain.

		Note:	If you want to save your mount points for a leter reinstall, first save the output of 
				mount -m as described at $(MOUNT)

				$(MOUNT)=$(HOST)/cygwin-ug-net/using-utils.html#mount

	3.	If you installed cygisa.dll by running the shell script /usr/bin/cyglas-config as described in
		$() then you need to configure Windows to stop using the LSA authentication package.
		You do so by editing the registry and restoring $(REGISTRY-LSA) Packages back to it's original 
		value of msv1_0, and then rebooting.


	4.	Delete the Cygwin root folder and all subfolders.
		If you get an error that an object is in use, then ensure that you've sstopped all services and
		closed all Cygwin programs.
		If you get a 'Permission Denied' error then you will need to modify the permissions and/or ownership of
		the files or folders that are causing the error.
		For example, sometimes files used by system services end up owned by the SYSTEM account and not 
		writable by regular users.

		The quickest way to delete the entire tree if you run into this problem is to change the 
		ownership of all files and folders to your account.
		To do this in Windows Explorer, right click on the root Cygwin folder, choose Properties,

				